:warning: (kustomize/v1) deprecated v1 version in favor of v2 (#3235)
kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder: docs/book/src/plugins/kustomize-v1.md

# Kustomize (kustomize/v1)

<aside class="note warning">
<h1>Deprecated</h1>

> The plugin kustomize/v1 is deprecated. If you are consuming this one as API it is recommended
> began to consume the kustomize/v2 which uses Kustomize v5x version and provides support for
> Apple Silicon (M1).

Reviewer: Nit (just some wording changes):
```suggestion
The kustomize/v1 plugin is deprecated. If you are using this plugin, it is recommended
to migrate to the kustomize/v2 plugin which uses Kustomize v5 and provides support for
Apple Silicon (M1).
```

If you are using Golang projects scaffolded with `go/v3` which uses this version please, check 

> the [Migration guide](../migration/v3vsv4.md) to know how to upgrade your projetcs.

Reviewer: Nit:
```suggestion
the [Migration guide](../migration/v3vsv4.md) to learn how to upgrade your projects.
```
